Microservices guide general update to 3.1 (#16202)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/microservice-ddd-cqrs-patterns/microservice-domain-model.md

Value objects are hard to manage in relational databases and ORMs like EF, whereas in document oriented databases they are easier to implement and use.

> EF Core 2.0 and later includes the [Owned Entities](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-entity-framework-core-2-0/#owned-entities-and-table-splitting) feature that makes it easier to handle value objects, as we’ll see in detail later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EF Core 2.0 and later versions include the [Owned Entities](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-entity-framework-core-2-0/#owned-entities-and-table-splitting) feature that makes it easier to handle value objects, as we’ll see in detail later on.
```
